I don't have Su Mingzhe
You dare to touch
Who the hell dares to touch me?
Second brother second brother
second brother
Ah!
Uh-huh.
Little sister, don't be afraid
Brothers take you back
I'm going to tell Gu Ruicheng
The family is not negative
He Gu Ruicheng owes Nan Nan an account
I'll pay him back one by one
Big brother is gone
Sunan, you actually found a man to hit me
You wait for me.
Brother, I miss you so much
I will never marry again
My sister, Su Mingyan, doesn't need to get married
Just stay by my brother's side for the rest of your life
Brother takes care of you
Men and women have love
Don't touch my sister, why are you so rude?
Well, since you're all arguing
Then follow the old rules
135 sister belongs to me
26 to his wife
It's yours on Sunday, hey, no
Today is a string of sisters coming with me
Don't tell me it's only been a day.
My sister is mine.
Oh, today is mine, that one is mine
Mine this is mine
Stop talking, don't break up with me, you guys
I'll prick you with a needle
Oops, do I want to invest in you two?
I don't want to come back.
Who took them away?